Add messenger=persist doc (#1132)
api-platform/docs: core/messenger.md

It indicates that the request has been received and will be treated later, without giving an immediate return to the client.
Finally, the `output` attribute is set to `false`, so the HTTP response that will be generated by API Platform will be empty, and the [serialization process](serialization.md) will be skipped.

**Note:** when using `messenger=true` ApiResource attribute in a Doctrine entity, the Doctrine DataPersister is not called. You must use the `messenger="persist"` ApiResource attribute.

> **Note:** when using `messenger="input"` ApiResource attribute in a Doctrine entity, the Doctrine DataPersister is not called. You must use an array containing `persist` and `input` values.

Reviewer: should'nt we add an example that includes using `input` and  `persist` like [this one](https://github.com/api-platform/core/pull/3617/files#diff-904ce4ab2a1ce137bd5ecd11a4efe612)?

Author: Yes, sure, in which format: yaml? xml? annotation?

It indicates that the request has been received and will be treated later, without giving an immediate return to the client.
Finally, the `output` attribute is set to `false`, so the HTTP response that will be generated by API Platform will be empty, and the [serialization process](serialization.md) will be skipped.

**Note:** when using `messenger=true` ApiResource attribute in a Doctrine entity, the Doctrine DataPersister is not called. You must use the `messenger="persist"` ApiResource attribute.

> **Note:** when using `messenger="input"` ApiResource attribute in a Doctrine entity, the Doctrine DataPersister is not called. You must use an array containing `persist` and `input` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** when using `messenger="input"` ApiResource attribute in a Doctrine entity, the Doctrine DataPersister is not called. You must use an array containing `persist` and `input` if you want it to be called, for example:
```
